# Is my second Transaction working correctly? +Transfer Question

* | complete the transaction,
    * new transaction has NOT started -- Why ?

* TODO: There's only one transaction in the list but I'm up to 131 Blocks under "Status"
* Is this the way it's supposed to happen? Does it keep processing on the same transaction and generating coins every 120 blocks or so? 

* I sent it to just the BitCoin address because I wasn't sure if I was supposed to send to my internal or external IP
* I assume external because the transaction needs to be verified by other nodes


* Transaction's number of blocks
    * == amount of NEW blocks / have been generated -- by the -- whole network | AFTER the transaction

* NEW block | chain 
    * == NEW coins -- to -- its creator

* | your transaction list,
    * 1 "generated" -transaction == you have generated 1 block

There's no confirmation of incoming transactions when someone sends to your Bitcoin address, all transactions are automatically completed. Did the transaction show up in the transaction list?
Quote
Both computers are on the same wireless LAN. I sent it to just the BitCoin address because I wasn't sure if I was supposed to send to my internal or external IP. I assume external because the transaction needs to be verified by other nodes. Right?
Other nodes aren't going to know which IP you're sending to, your client just connects directly to it. Both IP's are fine as long as the connection routes to the right computer. Anyway, I'd use the inner address inside a network for simplicity.

---

## Post #3

**Author:** satoshi

**Date:** January 05, 2010, 08:00:46 PMLast edit: January 05, 2010, 08:54:11 PM by satoshi

Re: Is my second Transaction working correctly? +Transfer Question
January 05, 2010, 08:00:46 PM
Last edit: January 05, 2010, 08:54:11 PM by satoshi
Merited
by
OgNasty
(50),
ABCbits
(1)
#3
The transfer is immediate if you send by IP address.  If you send by bitcoin address and the recipient isn't online at the time, it might take 30 minutes or more to see it.
Also, the recipient needs to be synced up with the block chain before it'll see the received transaction.  That means the status bar at the bottom needs to say at least 33000 blocks, like "x connections  33200 blocks  x transactions".
Quote from: sirius-m on January 05, 2010, 01:20:06 AM
Quote
However, once that transaction was complete, a new transaction hasn't started. Or maybe it has. There's only one transaction in the list but I'm up to 131 Blocks under "Status". Is this the way it's supposed to happen? Does it keep processing on the same transaction and generating coins every 120 blocks or so? Or is it supposed to start a new transaction?
The number of blocks of a transaction is the amount of new blocks that have been generated by the whole network after the transaction. Each new block in the chain means new coins to its creator. One "generated" -transaction in your transaction list means that you have generated one block. You're not the first one to find the concept of a "block" a bit confusing on the first sight.
Would it be clearer if the status said "x confirmations", like:
2/unconfirmed
3/unconfirmed
4/unconfirmed
5/unconfirmed
6 confirmations
7 confirmations
8 confirmations
Each block essentially means another node has confirmed that it agrees with all transactions up to that point.

---

## Post #4

**Author:** sirius

**Date:** January 07, 2010, 06:14:17 AM

Re: Is my second Transaction working correctly? +Transfer Question
January 07, 2010, 06:14:17 AM
#4
Quote from: satoshi on January 05, 2010, 08:00:46 PM
Would it be clearer if the status said "x confirmations", like:
2/unconfirmed
3/unconfirmed
4/unconfirmed
5/unconfirmed
6 confirmations
7 confirmations
8 confirmations
Each block essentially means another node has confirmed that it agrees with all transactions up to that point.
"Confirmation" would be more informative than "block". It's good if the user can relate the number of "confirmations" to the number of "blocks" in the status bar.

---

